updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16740)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/web-services-protocols-supported-by-system-provided-interoperability-bindings.md

  
### wsHttpBinding, ws2007HttpBinding, and wsDualHttpBinding  
  
|Category|Protocol|Specification and Usage|  
|--------------|--------------|-----------------------------|  
|Messaging|SOAP 1.2|[Primer](https://www.w3.org/TR/soap12-part0/)<br /><br /> [Messaging framework](https://www.w3.org/TR/2007/REC-soap12-part1-20070427/)<br /><br /> [Adjuncts (including HTTP binding)](https://www.w3.org/TR/soap12-part2/)|  
|Messaging|WS-Addressing 2005/08|[Web Services Addressing 1.0 - Core](https://www.w3.org/TR/ws-addr-core/)<br /><br /> [Web Services Addressing 1.0 - SOAP](https://www.w3.org/TR/ws-addr-soap/)<br /><br /> The `wsHttpBinding`, `ws2007HttpBinding`, and `wsDualHttpBinding` implement the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) WS-Addressing recommendation to enable asynchronous messaging, message correlation, and transport-neutral addressing mechanisms.<br /><br /> WCF does not support encryption of WS-Addressing headers although this is allowed by the WS-* specifications.|  

> |Messaging|WS-Addressing 1.0 - Metadata|[WS-Addressing 1.0 Metadata](https://www.w3.org/2007/05/addressing/metadata) Support for this protocol is enabled by setting the policy version in ServiceMetadata behavior - with policyversion set to 1.2 (the default), The wsdl description is compliant with WS-Addressing wsdl, with policyversion set to 1.5, the wsdl description is compliant with ws-addressing metadata.<br /><br /> WCF does not support encryption of WS-Addressing headers although this is allowed by the WS-* specifications.|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Messaging|WS-Addressing 1.0 - Metadata|[WS-Addressing 1.0 Metadata](https://www.w3.org/2007/05/addressing/metadata/) Support for this protocol is enabled by setting the policy version in ServiceMetadata behavior - with policyversion set to 1.2 (the default), The wsdl description is compliant with WS-Addressing wsdl, with policyversion set to 1.5, the wsdl description is compliant with ws-addressing metadata.<br /><br /> WCF does not support encryption of WS-Addressing headers although this is allowed by the WS-* specifications.|  
```

|Security|WSS SOAP Message Security 1.0|[WSS SOAP Message Security 1.0](http://docs.oasis-open.org/wss/2004/01/oasis-200401-wss-soap-message-security-1.0.pdf)<br /><br /> Use when the `securityMode` attribute is set to "wsSecurityOverHttp" (default) and parameters are configured using a `wsSecurity` child element.<br /><br /> `<wsHttpBinding>   <binding name="myBinding">      <security mode="Message" .../>   </binding> </wsHttpBinding>`|  

> |Security|WSS SOAP Message Security UsernameToken Profile 1.1|[WSS SOAP Message Security UsernameToken Profile 1.0](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=95331)<br /><br /> Use when the `wsSecurity` element's `authenticationMode` attribute is set to "Username".<br /><br /> `<wsHttpBinding>   <binding name="MyBinding">     <security mode="Message>       <message           clientCredentialType="UserName        negotiateServiceCredential="false"        establishSecurityContext="false"/>     </security> </binding> </wsHttpBinding>`|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Security|WSS SOAP Message Security UsernameToken Profile 1.1|[WSS SOAP Message Security UsernameToken Profile 1.0](https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/download.php/16782/wss-v1.1-spec-os-UsernameTokenProfile.pdf)<br /><br /> Use when the `wsSecurity` element's `authenticationMode` attribute is set to "Username".<br /><br /> `<wsHttpBinding>   <binding name="MyBinding">     <security mode="Message>       <message           clientCredentialType="UserName        negotiateServiceCredential="false"        establishSecurityContext="false"/>     </security> </binding> </wsHttpBinding>`|  
```

> |Security|WSS SOAP Message Security X.509 Certificate Token Profile 1.1|[WSS SOAP Message Security X.509 Certificate Token Profile 1.1](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=95332)<br /><br /> Use for message protection when the `wsSecurity` element’s `authenticationMode` attribute is set to "Username", "Certificate", or "None". Additionally, use this for client authentication when the `wsSecurity` element’s `authenticationMode` attribute is set to "Certificate".<br /><br /> `<wsHttpBinding>   <binding name="MyBinding">     <security mode="Message>       <message           clientCredentialType="Certificate"        negotiateServiceCredential="false"        establishSecurityContext="false"/>     </security>   </binding> </wsHttpBinding>`|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Security|WSS SOAP Message Security X.509 Certificate Token Profile 1.1|[WSS SOAP Message Security X.509 Certificate Token Profile 1.1](https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/download.php/16785/wss-v1.1-spec-os-x509TokenProfile.pdf)<br /><br /> Use for message protection when the `wsSecurity` element’s `authenticationMode` attribute is set to "Username", "Certificate", or "None". Additionally, use this for client authentication when the `wsSecurity` element’s `authenticationMode` attribute is set to "Certificate".<br /><br /> `<wsHttpBinding>   <binding name="MyBinding">     <security mode="Message>       <message           clientCredentialType="Certificate"        negotiateServiceCredential="false"        establishSecurityContext="false"/>     </security>   </binding> </wsHttpBinding>`|  
```

> |Security|WSS SOAP Message Security  Kerberos Token Profile 1.1|[WSS SOAP Message Security Kerberos Token Profile 1.1](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=95333)<br /><br /> Use for authentication and message protection when the `wsSecurity` element’s `authenticationMode` attribute is set to "Windows".<br /><br /> `<wsHttpBinding>   <binding name="MyBinding">     <security mode="Message>       <message           clientCredentialType="Windows"        negotiateServiceCredential="false"        establishSecurityContext="false"/>     </security>   </binding> </wsHttpBinding>`|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Security|WSS SOAP Message Security  Kerberos Token Profile 1.1|[WSS SOAP Message Security Kerberos Token Profile 1.1](https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/download.php/16788/wss-v1.1-spec-os-KerberosTokenProfile.pdf)<br /><br /> Use for authentication and message protection when the `wsSecurity` element’s `authenticationMode` attribute is set to "Windows".<br /><br /> `<wsHttpBinding>   <binding name="MyBinding">     <security mode="Message>       <message           clientCredentialType="Windows"        negotiateServiceCredential="false"        establishSecurityContext="false"/>     </security>   </binding> </wsHttpBinding>`|  
```
